1. Link to CartoDB - Set up new free account
2. Import Master file with data data - cleaned up subway/language data (save this file on your computer somewhere you can find it again)
	Important points about data
        Spreadsheets must be .csv files
        Shape files must all have the same name (zip them all together before importing, so dual_lang_school.zip file would contain dual_lang_school.shp, dual_lang_school.dbf, ne_10m_populated_places.shx and dual_lang_school.prj).

3. Geocode data 
	Chose latitude and longitude
4. Chose map view
	From the wizard, can choose Choropleth
	Problem: Not very informative, 
	Great for plotting information, can change the maps to make it pretty, etc, but can only look at one thing at a time, etc.
	
5. That's all fine, and can be used to make very nice maps, but let's do some analysis with this tool.
	Import the nysd zip file - this will create a shape file map of all the school districts
	Now import the School Locations file.
	Open the school districts file, go to options, and join them - this will let you count the number of dots within a shape file (for this case, it's the number of subways stations in a school district. 
	If you are trying to count the number of dots in a polygon (i.e., the number of schools in a school district)
	
6. Look at this in the data view to get more of an idea of what kind of information you can process.

7. Another example - Program types in school districts:
	Make sure you've imported these three data sets:
	* New York City School Districts (nysd)
	* Public Schools Points 2011-2012a (this data does not have any geographic information - so we have to extrapolate it)
	* NYC Public High School Program Data
	
	Step 1:
	Open Public High School Points, go to options and Merge with Table 
	Select Column Join (ats_code) with NYPublic High School Programs (dbn)
	Rename your file in all lower case I'm going to call it school program location
	
	Step 2: 
	Open nysd shape file, go to options and Merge with Table
	Select Spatial Join
	Select Count
	Rename your table
	
	Step 3:
	We are only interested in the school that HAVE an interest area - so we want to apply a filter.
	Click on the icon that looks like a column graph
	Select Interest Area
	Deselect null
	Now click on SQL - (Structured Query Language), this is the code for the filter you just created. Eventually you can just work with this code rather than using the filters
	Now Apply Query, return to the table and Create Table from Query
	
	Save the table from this Query
	Rename it
	Open it up again and now we can play with the maps
	Notice that there's something wrong - our data is actually incomplete
	
	Do another one - with the number of museums in each school district, make a text box, etc.
